[BLOG] Add a-step-towards-educating-with-spyder (#518)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/a-step-towards-educating-with-spyder.md

---
title: 'A step towards educating with Spyder'
published: April 11, 2021
author: juanita-gomez
description: 'As a community manager in the Spyder team, I have been looking for ways of involving more users in the community and making Spyder useful for a larger number of people. With this, a new idea came: Education. For the past months, we have been wondering with the team whether Spyder could also serve as a teaching-learning platform, especially in this era where remote instruction has become necessary.'
category: [Community, IDEs]
featuredImage:

>   src: /posts/a-step-towards-educating-with-spyder/blog_hero_var1.svg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  src: /posts/a-step-towards-educating-with-spyder/blog_feature_var2.svg
```

>   alt: 'An illustration of a brown hand holding up a microphone, with some graphical elements highlighting the top of the microphone.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  alt:  'An illustration of a brown and white hand coming towards each other to pass a business card with the logo of Quansight Labs.'
```

hero:

>   imageSrc: /posts/a-step-towards-educating-with-spyder/blog_feature_var2.svg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  imageSrc: /posts/a-step-towards-educating-with-spyder/blog_hero_var1.svg
```

>   imageAlt: 'An illustration of a brown and white(var2) hand coming towards each other to pass a business card with the logo of Quansight Labs.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  imageAlt: 'An illustration of a brown hand holding up a microphone, with some graphical elements highlighting the top of the microphone.'
```
